Fix nits and extend wapc specs (#122)
kubewarden/docs: docs/writing-policies/spec/host-capabilities/01-intro-host-capabilities.md

---
sidebar_label: "Host Capabilities Specification"
title: ""
---

# Host capabilities specification

While being evaluated, Kubewarden policies can access extra capabilities offered
by the host environment.

> This mechanism works using an approach similar to traditional [RPC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_procedure_call).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mechanism uses an approach similar to traditional [RPC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_procedure_call).
```
